She sunk two fingers deep into B's pussy, feeling the girl writhe under her. Pulling out, she smeared slick juice around B's ass then dipped once more before pressing both fingers past the rubbery resistance of B's sphincter and plunging deep into her rectum. It was so easy that she tried to do the same with her other hand – dip first then force two fingers into her ass. That made four fingers and B hadn't at any point stopped tonguing Maria's pussy.

Maria lifted herself up a moment to allow B to speak.

"It's better if you only use one hand."

"Does it hurt?"

"No, it feels great but if you use all the fingers of one hand, you can use the other hand on my pussy. Betcha I can take it all." B' pulled Maria back against her mouth, being far more interested in cunnilingus than conversation. She did, however, start to insinuate a finger into Maria's ass while she slurped at her pussy.

Maria withdrew her fingers and started trying to squeeze all four of one hand into B's overflowing pussy. It was easier than she anticipated and as she felt B push a second finger into her ass, she pulled out her slick hand, instantly substituting the other. The lubed hand she worked, finger by finger into B's anus, twisting and pushing gently until her knuckles were the only part of her fingers still visible. It looked at once filthy and very, very sexy. She could feel her climax approaching, feel B's fingers and tongue tag teaming her nervous system. It was going to be a good one. A third finger pressed hard against her ass. It was momentarily uncomfortable but it went in and, once inside her, felt good. With all that distraction going on down below, she'd barely noticed that both her hands were buried to the knuckles. B had taken them all.

Maria's climax sent spasms through her abdomen, wave upon wave of hot delight coursed through her body and she squirted copiously into B's mouth, soaking her face and the pillow under her head. She wailed like a banshee as she surrendered to the moment, inadvertently pressing her weight forward so that one hand at least, pressed past the knuckles and sank to the wrist in B's pussy. B yelled too at that, but Maria's flanks muffled her ecstatic cries.

B hadn't been fully fisted since saying sayonara to Helen, her roomie, and how she'd missed it.

As Maria came back to Earth, she realized where her hand had got to and just stared. "That's... incredible."

"Feels incredible. Hold still a moment. I want to do something."

"What?"

"Just hold still." B pulled her three fingers out of Maria's ass and, lifting her head off the pillow, poked her tongue right inside the slowly closing sphincter, letting it contract around her tongue, forcing her back out. "Now imagine me cleaning up Dominic's jizz like that."

"Oh God! That's so... Dirty."

"Isn't it?" B answered with a girlie giggle. "Now can I have my ass back? This isn't the most comfortable position to be in."

Maria eased her fingers out of B's ass then gently pulled her other hand out, feeling B push against it too. The two gaping holes were such a pervy, sexy vision that she couldn't resist dipping her head between B's thighs as soon as the girl was lying comfortably. Maria's tongue barely touched the sides of B's stretched vulva but she slurped hungrily at the bountiful flow.

"I think this pillow's ruined." B said, enjoying the little aftershocks from Maria's tongue and the view of Maria's bottom still just in front of her face.

"It's a good job I didn't pee on you. Then the mattress would be ruined too." Maria clambered off B and flopped on the bed beside her.

"What time do the cleaners come in?"

"In about twenty minutes." Maria checked the clock on the bedside table. "We'd better get up."

B soaped and shampooed Maria first then, when she had the shower to herself, cleaned herself thoroughly and washed her own hair. She was just finishing dressing when Maria came into her room.

"Bend over please." Maria asked, without preamble.

B turned her back on her employer and bent over, palms to the floor, legs straight. Maria flipped up B's skirt, found the girl pant free, as expected, and stroked her anus with one finger, probing and testing its resistance.

"See?" B knew what this was about. "Back to normal. Although, if it'll make you kiss it better, I could pretend its sore."

"Cheeky little slut." Maria slapped B's buttock playfully.

"Absolutely! But oh how my poor sore ass hurts." B felt Maria move, felt the light tickle of hair cascading over her buttocks and against the tops of her thighs, felt the tip of Maria's tongue flicker over and around her anus.

"There. All better now?" Maria straightened up and flipped B's skirt back into place.

"Much better. Thank you. What're your plans for today?"

"I'm meeting some friends for lunch and shopping, then this evening we have to pack for New York. We're flying there tomorrow. I thought we'd dine out tonight so we'll need to find you something dressy." Maria had inspected the formal outfits B had brought from home and condemned them as unfit. 'No P.A. of hers was going to look like she'd been outfitted from Walmart' had been the gist of her comments.

"Lunch and shopping. Gotcha. Should I come with you or meet you afterwards." B wasn't sure of the protocol for P.A.s yet.

"Come with, naturally. Besides, we're taking the bus. I want to see you play... what did you call it?"

"Cheerleader fantasy?"

"Yes. I really want to see you play cheerleader fantasy."

"Oh Goodie!" B clapped her hands. "And can I ride up and down in a glass elevator later? Please?"

"If you're good." Maria felt inclined to indulge B's whimsy. She was by now pretty certain if there were going to be any boundaries in this relationship, they'd be hers. B didn't seem to know about boundaries.

* * * * *

"So what's the glass elevator game?" Maria asked. They were in a cab because Maria didn't live anywhere near a bus route.

"Simple really. Get into a glass elevator at ground level in the shortest skirt possible. Smile at some guy through the glass and when the elevator goes up, he's bound to follow me with his eyes and find out I've got no underwear."

"That skirt's not short enough for that."

"No. Something tight with a hem about an inch below my pussy is best. A skirt like that can be fun on escalators too."

"I can imagine." Maria knew just the store to find the perfect elevator in. They could probably find a suitable outfit there as well.

"Oh, you don't have to imagine. I'll show you if you like."

"This'll do." Maria said to the driver. She paid the cabbie and they got out to wait for the bus.

"How do we do this?" Maria asked as a bus approached.

"I'll get on first and pick a guy to sit with. You sit across the aisle so you can see the action, but don't get caught peeking. It's easy to scare these guys off. Ok?"

"Ok." Maria glanced along the length of the bus. It looked about half full. She wondered if this was going to be as much fun as she hoped.

"One to Sunset and Ninth please." B bought her own ticket then glanced down the aisle and spotted her victim. There were two empty seats opposite him so Maria would have a good view. She sat beside the elderly but very dapper looking man, making sure her leg touched his and smiling as he briefly made eye contact.

Maria sat adjacent to her a few seconds later but gave no indication that they knew each other. She immediately thought how much the guy looked like Dominic's great-uncle.

B eased her skirt up as soon as the bus started moving and began by stroking her inner thigh. She parted her knees enough to press one against the gentleman's without sticking the other too obviously out into the aisle. He glanced across at her movement then quickly looked out of the window. B upped the ante, raising the front hem of her pleated skirt all the way up and rubbing her clit with one finger. She leant lightly against the man's arm and he glanced towards her again, his eyes fell to her lap and stayed there. "Hooked!" thought B. "Now to land him."

She lifted her knee over his to spread her legs further and 'accidentally' trapped his hand between her thigh and his. He pulled it free as though electrocuted but he didn't resist when she caught his wrist and placed his hand halfway up her inner thigh. Her free hand was rummaging under her pussy, a finger sinking into her hole.

A few more seconds of frantic fingering and his hand started to inch up her leg towards her pussy. She waited until his little finger touched the back of her hand then took her hand away and looked at the guy imploringly. His hand moved to her pussy at last, cupping her mound and feeling the heat radiating from it.

Maria had her shades on so she could look sideways without being obvious. She saw B starting to masturbate, saw the old man take interest and saw him reach for her pussy. She wouldn't have believed it if she hadn't seen it but here was a man touching up a girl who could easily pass for his granddaughter and it was turning her on just watching it. That surprised her too – it was actually incredibly sexy and B looked to be enjoying the attention so much. The man's hand was moving steadily now and B was starting to look flushed. Maria couldn't help pressing a hand to her own crotch, through her jeans. B really was going to have a manual orgasm on a crowded bus in the middle of the day.

B closed her eyes. She didn't care how many people had noticed what was going on. The old man's fingers were rubbing her clit and she was going to come in seconds. She bit down on her knuckle to keep herself quiet and let it just happen. It wasn't the biggest orgasm ever – not even the biggest today, but it was still fun.

The old man felt her climax approaching and stuck a finger inside her, feeling her vagina clench spasmodically around it. When she'd finished, he kept his hand there until she touched his wrist again.

B covered herself as soon as the man's hand was out from between her thighs. She moved her knee off his and sat demurely, smiling innocently when she caught his eye. She reached across and gently brushed the crotch of his trousers to confirm that – yes – he was toting wood. She gave it a little squeeze and felt it twitch against her hand. Conscious that Maria was watching her every move, she deliberately stroked the man's cock through his trousers, wondering if she had time to get him off too.

She had time. It took about a minute before his erection twitched violently and a dark stain appeared a few inches down his leg. She let go of him then and turned away, catching Maria's eye and winking.

* * * * *

"Did you see?" B asked, skipping off the bus a couple of stops later.

"I saw. I'm still not sure I believe it, but ..."

"Did anyone else spot us?"

"Not that I noticed. How many times have you done that?

"Dozens. It's different every time but its always fun."

"Let's get a cab. We'll be late for lunch." Maria stepped to the curb and waved at a yellow cab. It pulled over.

In the back seat, safely out of public view, Maria reached under B's skirt to find out just how wet she was. Really wet as it turned out.

B got out some tissues and wiped herself. "Don't want a damp patch on the back of my skirt." She said quietly, to exclude the cabbie from the conversation.

"I'm going to have to start carrying our camcorder. Dom will never believe me when I tell him."

"You aint seen nothing yet." B replied, quietly confident that she could surprise Maria and Dominic a lot more yet. She had lots more games in her personal compendium.

"Well keep that under wraps during lunch." Maria indicated B's crotch. "My friends actually do think you're my P.A. Tomorrow, I'll give you my diary so that you can start acting like a P.A. too – some of the time at least."

"Ok. I'll remember to keep my mouth shut... And my legs."

"Oh, feel free to be sociable. They're used to my P.A.s being part of the social scene. Just remember these people are vanilla.

"Gotcha. But if I do overstep the mark, which can easily happen, just ask me the time and I'll know to shut up."

"Good idea. Here we are. Best behaviour."

* * * * *

B was a very good girl all the way through lunch. Maria's friends warmed to her and were actually quite nice. B did find herself mentally undressing them and trying to imagine them going down on her, but it didn't really work as an image. None of them were her type and she just couldn't build a convincingly sexy fantasy around them so she'd concentrated on planning what she was going to do to Maria tonight.

Dress shopping took the rest of the afternoon and they never got as far as the store with the glass elevator.

"Save that for New York." Maria had said. "I know too many people in L.A. anyway, it might embarrass Dom, professionally."

B wasn't disappointed. She had a couple of opportunities to flash Maria and that was fun too. She got several dresses, all on Maria's credit card, including a very tight, very short white dress that was going to be so much fun in public, just as soon as Maria let her wear it.

* * * * *

Tell me more about this experimental roomie. Helen?"

"Helen." B nodded. They were waiting for their first course in the poshest restaurant B had ever eaten in.

"What else were you two into?" Maria was admiring B's very low cut new cocktail dress – cock tease dress, B had called it – and thinking about the cab ride to the restaurant. B had recognised the driver instantly as the one she'd put on a show for the previous afternoon.

"I tipped the dispatcher a hundred bucks to give me any fares from this address." Tony had owned up when B commented on the coincidence. B had been openly flattered by his willingness to pay for just the possibility of another peek at her pussy. She'd whispered in Maria's ear, asking if she could reward him. Maria had agreed because she was caught up in B's exhibitionist nature and wanted to see her showing off again.

B hadn't flashed him again but she'd leant close to the grill in the perspex screen and told him in graphic detail how she'd been fisted that morning. B really was shameless.

"Oh, Helen was into everything. She got us both jobs as web cam girls."

"Web cam girls?"

"Yeah. It's the 21st century equivalent of the telephone sex lines. You sit in front of a web cam and play with yourself for four bucks a minute. The guy on the other end of the camera tells you what he wants you to do and you do it while he jerks off. It's sort of an interactive porno movie. It was fun for a while but it turns out that there just aren't that many male fantasies and it got really repetitive. Helen quit first because she got bored, but I needed the money. I stopped doing it when Helen found out that one of her regulars was actually her father. I really didn't want to think that it could be my dad watching and telling me what to stuff up my ass next."

"So B actually does have boundaries." Maria was wondering just how many people had seen B's pussy. It must run to thousands.

"Not really. It freaked me out at the time but When Helen came clean about fucking her father, she made it sound ok, so I sort of warmed to the idea – not of fucking him, but it became a regular fantasy that he might be watching and I went back to work.

"Helen fucked her own father?"

"Oh yeah. Still does, any time she visits home. Says if her pussy's inspiring his hard-ons, her pussy should reap the rewards. She moved from web cams to escorting. She likes getting paid to date businessmen. She tells her dad everything. I used to hear their phone calls."

"But... her own father?"

"Well, as Helen said, lots of the guys she dated wanted her to call them Daddy. At least with her real dad she knows he means it when he says he loves his little girl.

I got to meet him once. He drove up to the campus to collect Helen and stayed overnight in a local motel. We had a wild threesome. It was my first ATM experience: My ass and Helen's mouth. He'd been ass fucking us in turn and I got the cream so Helen pouted and complained until I said she could have it back. So he got to see his little girl licking up his cum as it oozed out of my ass.

We had a pee party in the tub too. He was really into water sports. That's why I wasn't grossed out when you pissed in my mouth."

"Is there anything you haven't done?" Maria, in spite of herself, was turned on by the story of Helen and her father.

"Sucked Dominic's cock." B retorted. "D'you think he'd at least let me clean him, like I clean you?"

"I doubt it. He's got this thing about fidelity. Personally, I'd love to share, but he just won't."

"Does he like water sports? That wouldn't be like fucking me."

"You know, Sweetie, I really don't know. The subject's never come up."

"Hope springs eternal from the sex toy's loins."

"But, just for suggesting it, you're getting a golden shower tonight."

"Oh goodie!" B reached for the wine bottle and topped up Maria's glass.

* * * * *

"Dress off and in the pool." Maria ordered as soon as they were home. "I'm about to burst." She'd been deliberately drinking extra since deciding to give B a golden shower.

B didn't need any encouragement to get naked. Her dress landed on the lobby table, her shoes were kicked into alternate corners and her hold-ups were being rolled down her legs before Maria had finished speaking.

"Ready." B announced brightly, twirling, stark naked on the tiled floor then skipping off in the direction of the pool. Before taking the plunge, she detoured as far as the bar and grabbed a bottle of wine and two goblets. Setting them on the poolside, she slid into the water, surfacing as Maria arrived, bare as the day she was born.

"Lie here." Maria pointed at the floor in front of her. B levitated out of the water and lay down at Maria's feet, smiling beatifically. She hadn't had so much pervy fun since saying good-bye to Helen and now she was actually getting paid for doing stuff she'd have freely done just for kicks. Maria straddled her and squatted, cutting loose as soon as her pussy was over B's face.

It was a torrent too. Maria really had been about to burst. B opened her mouth wide and caught what she could but it was going everywhere and she had to close her eyes, which was a downer because she wanted to watch too. She swallowed a couple of times but Maria just kept peeing and it overflowed B's mouth and puddled on the tiles. When the deluge slowed to a trickle then stopped, B was drenched but still grinning up at Maria.

"Thank you." B said politely. "I needed that! A little degradation to keep me in my place."

"You are such a little pervert." Maria reached down and patted B's wet cheek.

"Says the woman who just pissed in my mouth."

"There is that. It's funny though. You don't behave like a submissive most of the time, then ... this."

"I'm not a sub. I'll just do anything for kicks – mine or yours. I could call you mistress if you'd like."

"God! No! I'd have to start wearing all that tacky PVC and leather. You're doing just fine as it is: Better than fine. I like your creative approach to your work."

"Thanks."

"Now get in that pool. You stink of piss. I'll hose this off. Maria stood and walked over to the coiled hose on the wall. B rolled off the edge with a splash.

"I need to pee." B announced as they sipped wine together at the deep end.

"So pee. I think the filters can handle another pint or two." Maria suggested.

"Wanna see me pee like a man?"

"What d'you mean?"

"Standing up. I can use a urinal. Wanna see?"

"Sure." Maria wondered how this worked.

"A target." B floated her empty goblet in the water then clambered out of the pool, stood on the very edge with her feet slightly apart, like a guy at a urinal, then with both hands she spread her lips, pulling them outwards and upwards. A stream of liquid arced out over the water and splashed down nearly four feet from the edge. B moved her hips to direct the stream and hit the goblet. On the second pass, she got its range perfectly and filled it enough to sink it.